Update PR #1061 with the changes discussed in the FuSa call to make t… (#1141)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Vocabularies/RelationshipType.md

- republishedBy: Designates a `from` Vulnerability's details were tracked, aggregated, and/or enriched to improve context (i.e. NVD) by each `to` Agent.
- serializedInArtifact: The `from` SpdxDocument can be found in a serialized form in each `to` Artifact.
- testedOn: The `from` Element has been tested on the `to` Element(s).

> - tracedToDetail: the `from` Requirement has some more detailed implementation information in each `to` Requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tracedToDetail: the `from` Requirement is refined and further elaborated by each `to` Requirement, which contains more detailed implementation information.
```
